>> Richard Feldman: So Booleans,
Elm has two Boolean values,
which I think is the correct number,
if you're gonna have Booleans.
True and false, they are capitalized like
they are in Python, there is a very good
specific reason for why they
are capitalized unlike in JavaScript.
Where they're not capitalized.
We're gonna know why they're capitalized
a little bit later, but for now,
it's enough to know that they
happen to be capitalized in Elm.
There are a bunch of different
Boolean comparisons you can do,
so == is one, so x == y,
that will return either True or False.
You can say not,
which is just a plain function in Elm.
So in JavaScript,
that's the exclamation point operator, but
in all these there's no
special syntax to that.
There's just a function called not which
if you give it true it returns false and
vice versa.
There's a short hand for not equal to.
So it's a slash equals.
This comes from the ML family of languages
which is what Elm syntax is based on.
So they don't use exclamation point equals
to mean not equals, they use slash equals.
The idea is it's supposed to kinda
look like if you squint an equal or
the slash through it for
like the not equal's Mathematical symbol.
But it does the same thing.
It just means not equals.
There's also and
and or, which look and work the same
way that they do in JavaScript.
Nothing really special there,
just same kind of semantics that you
would find in most programming languages.